1)In a transaction, if I perform multiple updates and an error happens in the third statement, but I have not used SAVEPOINT, what will happen if I issue a ROLLBACK?
Will my first two updates persist?

no, without a savepoint it will undo the entire transaction including the successful statements

2)Suppose Transaction A updates Alice’s balance but does not commit. Can Transaction B read the new balance if the isolation level is set to READ COMMITTED?

postgres does not support uncommitted reads, so transaction B cannot read the updated values,
(i.e) the uncomiited changes from transaction A

3)What will happen if two concurrent transactions both execute:
UPDATE tbl_bank_accounts SET balance = balance - 100 WHERE account_name = 'Alice';
at the same time? Will one overwrite the other?
postgres has mvcc that locks the transaction preventing the overwrites
so no two transactions can write to the same record simultaneously.
Sequence of action:
The first transaction will update it.

The second will wait until the first commits or rolls back.

This prevents one update from overwriting the other.

4)If I issue ROLLBACK TO SAVEPOINT after_alice;, will it only undo changes made after the savepoint or everything?

it will undo all the changes made after  the savepoint after_alice.

5)Which isolation level in PostgreSQL prevents phantom reads?

serializable

6)Can Postgres perform a dirty read (reading uncommitted data from another transaction)?
 no, postgres by default does not allow uncomitted reads, hence dirty reads are not possible.

7)If autocommit is ON (default in Postgres), and I execute an UPDATE, is it safe to assume the change is immediately committed?
In postgres the autocommit is on by default, but yes in any server if the autocommit is ON then the successful statements are then comiited 
permanently to the database,unless the statement is run inside a transation.

8)If I do this:

BEGIN;
UPDATE accounts SET balance = balance - 500 WHERE id = 1;
-- (No COMMIT yet)
And from another session, I run:

SELECT balance FROM accounts WHERE id = 1;
Will the second session see the deducted balance?

Second session wont see the deducted balance, as the transaction is not comiited yet the second seesion will 
read the data value that persisted before the start of the transaction.